# 23/03/20

| Role        | People |
| ----------- | ------ |
| Facilitator |        |
| Note-taker  |        |
| Attendees   |        |

#### What are we doing this week? <a href="#what-are-we-doing-this-week" id="what-are-we-doing-this-week"></a>

* Implementing new onboarding strategy
* Dev working on implementing API blocks
* Design continuing wire-framing
* Our implmentation needs some work primarliy around the Sign Up process
* Testing showed users are having difficulty understanding our pricing tiers
* Syncing with dev and design working very well

#### What should we continue doing? <a href="#what-should-we-continue-doing" id="what-should-we-continue-doing"></a>

* Wireframing and finding every solution
* Scheduling research calls

#### What should we start doing? <a href="#what-should-we-start-doing" id="what-should-we-start-doing"></a>

* Would love to try out the new tool for emails

#### What should we stop doing? <a href="#what-should-we-stop-doing" id="what-should-we-stop-doing"></a>

* Having long threads discussions
* Half the design team are off next week need to plan for this
* We have an issue with caching

<table><thead><tr><th>Task</th><th>Assignee</th><th data-type="checkbox">Checkbox</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Action</td><td>Assigned to <a data-mention href="https://app.gitbook.com/u/GUavANmxncP6Eny6bvpcoEWIzxB2">남득윤</a></td><td>false</td></tr><tr><td>Action item one…</td><td></td><td>false</td></tr></tbody></table>

